Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Jacoba?
This is Dr. Cline.
Do you have time
to talk with me just a little bit?
-Yes.
-Okay.
I'm getting a real problem with
the television station. 59.
They're demanding that I meet with them.
I can't do that.
It's not fair to me.
it's not fair to you all.
They're trying to make a…
They're trying to…
improve their ratings.
My wife and I.
after 57 years of marriage…
If this comes out.
our marriage will be over.
Can you help?
I mean. no disrespect.
but I feel like what you're telling me
is to keep my life a secret.
That I am not allowed to know who I am…
- Well--
-…when I didn't do anything wrong.
Well. yes. but you know. I didn't--
At the time. I didn't feel like
I was doing anything wrong either.
But I feel like I'm being blamed
for this. like it's my fault.
I don't understand.
It's your fault
because. I don't care who you tell.
It's just.
putting it on television
for the entire world to see.
Well. I cannot…
Like I said. I can't control her.
I can't stop that. I can't.
Well. because you…
you can stop talking to her.
You say. "You know.
I just don't want to share anymore."
I'm just telling you what's gonna happen.
and I'm going to be hurt badly.
Well. that's
what's happened to everybody so far.
and you know.
that's because of the actions--
Well. this tells me that
that's exactly what you want.
She is demanding that I meet with them.
They're going to force me to do this.
I've gotta tell the truth.
And I don't want to do that.
What you're doing is
that you're telling the world.
and the world doesn't need to know.
I'm not trying to do harm to you.
Well. you are.
You know. I know
that nothing happens without God...
allowing it.
See.
I think that's where our problem is.
I don't think that God
should have allowed it in the first place.
and I really think that we ask ourselves
every day. "Why are we here?"
I think that's. like.
a lot of our problems.
Well. you know.
I mentioned one of my favorite. um…
One of my favorite scriptures
was Jeremiah 1:5.
If you'll remember. it says.
"Before I formed you
in your mother's womb. I knew you."
And that tells me.
and it should tell everybody
that no one is born as a mistake.
And how many times
did you use your own sample?
Sparingly. but...
keep in mind.
we're talking 30 to 35 years ago.
and I can't remember.
All the records have been shredded.
Your honor. I'm asking for mercy
and compassion for myself.
I've tried to live out my life
showing honesty and care to others.
and I will continue to do so.
These are my words to Cline.
Every time I or my half-siblings
look up our name.
we all have the same issue tied to you.
It has caused anguish in everyone.
and some of us have
wanted to die from this pain.
For 30 years. my half-sister. Julie.
believed her dad was her biological dad--
Objection. Your Honor.
Relevancy.
Because of your denials.
I feel you have
no consideration for the mothers
who came to you.
us as your biological children.
or your wife
and the four children you had with her.
It was always about you.
You lied. You still lie.
You even have your family believing you.
and that sickens me.
-Our mothers trusted you–
-Objection!
I'm asking you to look at the
depth of the reasons he is charged with--
Objection!
I do want to reiterate. probably
for the fifth or sixth time at this point.
that the court. by law. can only consider
the charges
that Dr. Cline's plead guilty to.
the obstruction of justice charges.
Obviously. it would be inappropriate
for me to consider outside of that realm.
We received a number
of support letters for Dr. Cline.
These are letters
from members of the community.
former patients. and members
of Dr. Cline's family and church.
These individuals have known
Dr. Cline for many years.
And they evidence
a strong connection to his family.
the community. and that rehabilitation
is not only possible
but actually has already taken place here.
Please remember
that whatever happens during sentencing.
the people that love you
are gonna continue to love you.
With the limited resources
that we have. overcrowding at the jail.
and your lack of a criminal history.
an executed sentence is nothing
that the court is going to order.
I know that this is your
first offense. but Dr. Cline. I do believe
that the facts support going ahead
and sentencing you as a level 6 felon.
As to fines and costs.
sir. the court will fine you $500.
As far as I know.
all of the inseminations
that I did with my sample.
and again it was sparingly.
had a healthy baby.
I don't want you
to think that I do this--
I did the insemination with my own sample
very blasé.
Was there a sexual connotation to it?
Absolutely not.
I don't look at these people
and consider them to be my
children.